fix @jwt and @jwtClaim entries in the directives overview table (#150)
neo4j/docs-graphql: modules/ROOT/pages/type-definitions/directives/index.adoc

| xref::/type-definitions/directives/autogeneration.adoc#type-definitions-autogeneration-id[`@id`]
| Marks a field as the unique ID for an object type, and allows for autogeneration of IDs.

| xref::/authentication-and-authorization/configuration.adoc#authentication-and-authorization-jwt[`@jwt`]

> | Configure the JWT authentication filter to include an additional JWT claim.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Configure the JWT authentication and authorization filters to include additional JWT claims.
```

> | Configure the JWT authentication and authorization filters to include additional JWT claims.

Author: ```suggestion
| Configures the JWT authentication and authorization filters to include additional JWT claims.
```

| xref::/authentication-and-authorization/configuration.adoc#_nested_claims[`@jwtClaim`]

> | Configure the JWT authentication filter to include an additional nested JWT claim.

Author: ```suggestion
| Use in combination with `@jwt`. Configure the JWT authentication filter to include an additional nested JWT claim.
```

> | Use in combination with `@jwt`. Configure the JWT authentication filter to include an additional nested JWT claim.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Use in combination with `@jwt`. Configure the JWT authentication and authorization filters to include an additional JWT claim which is either nested or using special characters not supported by GraphQL.
```

> | Use in combination with `@jwt`. Configure the JWT authentication and authorization filters to include an additional JWT claim which is either nested or using special characters not supported by GraphQL.

Author: ```suggestion
| Used in combination with `@jwt`. Configures the JWT authentication and authorization filters to include an additional JWT claim which is either nested or using special characters not supported by GraphQL.
```
